Is it possible that like,
basically the entirety of earth will be like a computing surface.
Like this table will be doing computing. This hedgehog will be doing computing.
Like everything really inefficient. Don computing will be.
Fiction books. They call it computronium comput,
return everything into computing. Well,
most so the elements aren't very good for anything. Like,
you're not gonna make a computer out of iron, like, you know, Silicon and,
and carbon have like nice structures. You know, I, we we'll see what,
what you can do with the rest of it. I just like people talk about, well,
maybe we can turn the sun into computer, but it's, it's hydrogen and a little,
little bit of helium. So.
What, what I mean is more like actually just adding computers to everything. Oh.
Okay. So thought you're just con converting all the mass to the universe into
computer.
No, no, no. So not using, so.
Be ironic from the simulation point of view is like the simulator build mass,
the simulates, like.
Yeah. I mean, yeah. So I mean,
ultimately this is all heading towards the simulation. Yes. Well.
I, I think I might have told you this story at Tesla, they were deciding,
so they wanna measure the current coming out of the battery and they decided
between putting a resistor in there and putting a computer with a
sensor in there mm-hmm <affirmative> and the computer was faster than the
computer I, I worked on in 1982 and we,
we chose the computer cause it was cheaper than the resistor. So,
so sure this hedgehog, you know, it costs $13 and we can put a, you know,
an AI that's the smartest you in there for five bucks, it'll have one, you know,
so computers will be, you know, be everywhere.
I was hoping it wouldn't be smarter than me because, well.
Everything's gonna be smarter.
Than you. But you were saying it's inefficient.
I thought it was better to have a lot of dumb.
Things. Well, well Moore's law will slowly compact that.
Stuff. So even the dumb things will be smarter.
Than us.
The dumb things are gonna be smart or they're gonna be smart enough to talk to
something that's really smart. You know, it's like,
well, just remember like a big computer chip. Yeah. You know,
it's like an inch by an inch and you know, 40 microns thick.
It doesn't take very much, very many atoms to make a, you know,
high power computer. Yeah. And 10,000 of 'em can fit in the shoebox.
But you know, you have the, the cooling and power problems, but you know,
people are working on that.
But they still can't write, uh, compelling poetry music or, uh, uh,
understand what love is or have a fear of mortality. So, so we're still winning.
Neither.
Can most of humanity so.
Well they can write books about it.